3588: Create Access keys, CL and UI (#1261)
scality/Zenko: docs/docsource/operation/account_operations/create_access_keys.rst

.. _create_access_keys:

Create Access Keys
==================

Create Access Keys Using the UI
-------------------------------

#. Log into the |product| UI using previously provisioned credentials (refer to :ref:`Create an Account`).

#. Click **Accounts** on the top menu.

   .. image:: ../../graphics/account_banner.PNG

> #. Click **+ Create Access key**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click **+ Create Access key**.
```

   .. image:: ../../graphics/accounts-page.PNG

#. Click **-> Continue** on the **Create Root user Access keys** screen.

   .. image:: ../../graphics/root_user_access_keys_dialog.PNG

> #. Save the Secret Access key ID by clicking the copy button, and save it in a secure location 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click the copy button to save the Secret Access key ID. Make sure to save it in a secure location.
```

   
   .. image:: ../../graphics/close_button.PNG

> #. Close **Close** after you saved the Secret Access key ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click **Close** after saving the Secret Access key ID.
```

Create Access Keys Using the Command Line
-----------------------------------------

> #. Set the admin access key ID and secret access key ID as environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Set the Admin Access key ID and Secret Access key ID as environment variables.
```

>    .. code::

Reviewer: I'd put these commands in [code-blocks](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_N_-yrRGiygMxdJVhKdI8tEgCck50aNyH6UJsuEAnL4/edit#heading=h.kads838eo5z) for clarity. 
Caption 1 would be sth like `Vault Container`. Caption 2= `Admin Access key ID`. Caption 3= `Secret Access key ID`.

   
      VAULT_CONTAINER=$(kubectl --kubeconfig=/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf -n zenko get pods -l 
      app.kubernetes.io/name=connector-vault -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}')

   .. code::

      ADMIN_ACCESS_KEY_ID=$(kubectl --kubeconfig=/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf 
      get secret artesca-data-management-vault-admin-creds.v1 -n zenko -o jsonpath='{.data.accessKey}' | base64 -d)

   .. code::

      ADMIN_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=$(kubectl --kubeconfig=/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf 
      get secret artesca-data-management-vault-admin-creds.v1 -n zenko -o jsonpath='{.data.secretKey}' | base64 -d)

> #. Generate the Account Access Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Generate the Account Access key.
```

   .. note:: 

>       In the following example, account name is ``account1`` and email is ``account1@scality.local`` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      In the following example, account name is ``account1`` and email is ``account1@scality.local`` .
```
